FILE                                                    LOCATION
etc/dmd.conf	    devel/dmd
etc/bash_completion.d/dmd	    devel/dmd
etc/bash_completion.d/gtkd	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/bin/ddemangle	    devel/dmd
usr/bin/dman	    devel/dmd
usr/bin/dmd	    devel/dmd
usr/bin/dumpobj	    devel/dmd
usr/bin/gtkd	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/bin/obj2asm	    devel/dmd
usr/bin/rdmd	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/object.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/atomic.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/bitop.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/cpuid.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/demangle.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/exception.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/math.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/memory.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/runtime.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/simd.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/thread.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/time.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/vararg.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/complex.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/config.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/ctype.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/errno.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/fenv.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/float_.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/inttypes.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/limits.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/locale.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/math.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/signal.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/stdarg.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/stddef.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/stdint.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/stdio.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/stdlib.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/string.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/tgmath.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/time.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/wchar_.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/stdc/wctype.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/barrier.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/condition.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/config.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/exception.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/mutex.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/rwmutex.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sync/semaphore.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/osx/mach/kern_return.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/osx/mach/port.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/osx/mach/semaphore.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/osx/mach/thread_act.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/config.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/dirent.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/dlfcn.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/fcntl.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/inttypes.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/netdb.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/poll.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/pthread.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/pwd.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sched.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/semaphore.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/setjmp.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/signal.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/stdio.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/stdlib.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/termios.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/time.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/ucontext.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/unistd.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/utime.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/arpa/inet.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/net/if_.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/netinet/in_.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/netinet/tcp.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/ipc.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/mman.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/select.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/shm.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/socket.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/stat.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/time.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/types.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/uio.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/un.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/utsname.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/posix/sys/wait.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/windows/dbghelp.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/windows/dll.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/windows/stacktrace.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/windows/threadaux.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/druntime/import/core/sys/windows/windows.di	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Action.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Component.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Document.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/EditableText.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/GObjectAccessible.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Hyperlink.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Hypertext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Image.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/NoOpObject.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/NoOpObjectFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/ObjectAtk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/ObjectFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Registry.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Relation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/RelationSet.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Selection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/State.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/StateSet.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/StreamableContent.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Table.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Text.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/Util.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/atk/ValueAtk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Context.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Device.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/FontFace.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/FontOption.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/ImageSurface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Matrix.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Pattern.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/PdfSurface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/PostScriptSurface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/RecordingSurface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Region.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/ScaledFont.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Status.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Surface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/SvgSurface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Types.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/UserFontFace.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/cairo/Version.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Blob.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Client.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Command.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Config.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Connection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/DataModel.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/DataModelArray.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/DataModelHash.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/DataModelList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/DataSourceInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/ErrorGda.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Export.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/FieldAttributes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Gda.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Log.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Parameter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/ParameterList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/ProviderInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/QuarkList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Row.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Select.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Table.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Transaction.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gda/Value.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdac/gda.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdac/gdatypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/AppLaunchContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Bitmap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Color.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Colormap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Cursor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Device.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Display.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/DisplayManager.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/DragContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Drawable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Event.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/EventStruct.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Font.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/GC.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Gdk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/GdkCairo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/ImageGdk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Input.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Keymap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Keysyms.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Pixbuf.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Pixmap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/RGB.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Rectangle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Region.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/RgbCmap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Screen.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Selection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Testing.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Threads.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Visual.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/Window.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdk/X11.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/PixbufAnimation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/PixbufAnimationIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/PixbufFormat.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/PixbufLoader.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/PixbufSimpleAnimation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gdkpixbuf/Pixdata.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AppInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AppInfoIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AppInfoT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AppLaunchContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AsyncInitableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AsyncInitableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AsyncResultIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/AsyncResultT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/BufferedInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/BufferedOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Cancellable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/CharsetConverter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ContentType.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Converter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ConverterIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ConverterInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ConverterOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ConverterT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Credentials.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusAuthObserver.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusConnection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusError.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusMessage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusMethodInvocation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusNames.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusProxy.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusServer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DBusUtilities.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DataInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DataOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DesktopAppInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Drive.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DriveIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/DriveT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Emblem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/EmblemedIcon.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ErrorGIO.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/File.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileAttributeInfoList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileAttributeMatcher.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileDescriptorBasedIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileDescriptorBasedT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileEnumerator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileIOStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileIcon.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileMonitor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FileOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FilenameCompleter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FilterInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/FilterOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IOExtension.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IOExtensionPoint.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IOModule.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IOSchedulerJob.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IOStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Icon.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IconIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/IconT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/InetAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/InetSocketAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/InitableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/InitableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/InputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/LoadableIconIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/LoadableIconT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/MemoryInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/MemoryOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Mount.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/MountIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/MountOperation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/MountT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/NetworkAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/NetworkService.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/OutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Permission.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Proxy.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyResolver.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyResolverIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyResolverT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ProxyT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Resolver.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SeekableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SeekableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Settings.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SettingsBackend.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SimpleAsyncResult.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SimplePermission.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Socket.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketAddressEnumerator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketClient.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketConnectable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketConnectableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketConnectableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketConnection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketControlMessage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketListener.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SocketService.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/SrvTarget.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/TcpConnection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ThemedIcon.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ThreadedSocketService.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixConnection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixCredentialsMessage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixFDList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixFDMessage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixInputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixMountEntry.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixMountMonitor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixMountPoint.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixOutputStream.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/UnixSocketAddress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Vfs.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/Volume.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/VolumeIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/VolumeMonitor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/VolumeT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ZlibCompressor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gio/ZlibDecompressor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glade/Glade.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLConfig.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLDraw.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLDrawable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLFont.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLPixmap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLQuery.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLTokens.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLWindow.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLdInit.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgdk/GLdVersion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgtk/GLCapability.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgtk/GLWidget.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgtk/GLtInit.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glgtk/GLtVersion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Allocator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ArrayG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/AsyncQueue.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Atomic.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/BBTree.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Base64.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/BookmarkFile.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ByteArray.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Cache.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/CharacterSet.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Checksum.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Child.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ConstructionException.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/DataList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Dataset.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Date.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/DateTime.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Directory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ErrorG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/FileUtils.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/GException.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/GLib.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/HashTable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/HashTableIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Hostname.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/IOChannel.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Idle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Internationalization.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/KeyFile.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ListG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ListSG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MainContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MainLoop.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MappedFile.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MatchInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Memory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MemoryChunk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MemorySlice.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/MessageLog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Messages.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Module.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Node.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/OptionContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/OptionGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Pattern.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/PtrArray.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Quark.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/QueueG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/RandG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Regex.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Relation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ScannerG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Sequence.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/SequenceIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ShellUtils.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/SimpleXML.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Source.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Spawn.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Str.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/StringCompletion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/StringG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/StringGChunk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/ThreadPool.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/TimeVal.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/TimeZone.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Timeout.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Timer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/TrashStack.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Tuples.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/URI.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Unicode.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Util.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/Variant.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/VariantBuilder.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/VariantIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/VariantType.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/glib/WindowsUtils.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Binding.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Boxed.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/CClosure.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Closure.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Enums.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Flags.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/ObjectG.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/ParamSpec.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/ParamSpecPool.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Signals.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Type.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/TypeModule.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/TypePlugin.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/Value.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gobject/ValueArray.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstinterfaces/XOverlay.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Bin.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Buffer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Bus.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Caps.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Clock.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Element.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/ElementFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Event.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Format.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/GError.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/GhostPad.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/ImplementsInterface.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Index.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/IndexFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Iterator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Message.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/MiniObject.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/ObjectGst.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Pad.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/PadTemplate.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Parse.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Pipeline.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Plugin.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/PluginFeature.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Query.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Registry.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Segment.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Structure.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/SystemClock.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/TagList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/TagSetter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/Task.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/TypeFind.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/TypeFindFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamer/gstreamer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamerc/gstinterfaces.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamerc/gstinterfacestypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamerc/gstreamer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gstreamerc/gstreamertypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceBuffer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionProposalIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionProposalT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionProviderIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceCompletionProviderT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceGutter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceLanguage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceLanguageManager.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceMark.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourcePrintCompositor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceSearch.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceStyle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceStyleScheme.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceStyleSchemeManager.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsv/SourceView.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsvc/gsv.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gsvc/gsvtypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/Cond.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/Mutex.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/Private.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/RWLock.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/StaticMutex.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/StaticPrivate.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/StaticRecMutex.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gthread/Thread.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/AboutDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/AccelGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/AccelLabel.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/AccelMap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Accessible.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Action.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ActionGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ActivatableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ActivatableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Adjustment.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Alignment.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Arrow.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/AspectFrame.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Assistant.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Bin.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/BindingSet.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Border.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Box.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/BuildableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/BuildableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Builder.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Button.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ButtonBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Calendar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellEditable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellEditableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellEditableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellLayoutIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellLayoutT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRenderer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererAccel.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererCombo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererPixbuf.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererProgress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererSpin.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererSpinner.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererText.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellRendererToggle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CellView.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CheckButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/CheckMenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Clipboard.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ColorButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ColorSelection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ColorSelectionDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ComboBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ComboBoxEntry.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Container.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Curve.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Dialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/DragAndDrop.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/DrawingArea.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/EditableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/EditableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Entry.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/EntryBuffer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/EntryCompletion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/EventBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Expander.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileChooserButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileChooserDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileChooserIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileChooserT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileChooserWidget.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileFilter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FileSelection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Fixed.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FontButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FontSelection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/FontSelectionDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Frame.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/GCs.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/GammaCurve.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HButtonBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HPaned.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HRuler.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HScale.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HScrollbar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HSeparator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/HandleBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IMContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IMContextSimple.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IMMulticontext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconSet.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconSize.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconSource.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconTheme.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/IconView.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Idle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Image.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ImageMenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/InfoBar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/InputDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Invisible.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Item.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ItemFactory.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Label.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Layout.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/LinkButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ListStore.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Main.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MainWindow.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Menu.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MenuBar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MenuShell.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MenuToolButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MessageDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Misc.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/MountOperation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Notebook.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ObjectGtk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/OffscreenWindow.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/OrientableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/OrientableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PageSetup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PageSetupUnixDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Paned.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PaperSize.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Plug.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PopupBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintJob.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintOperation.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintOperationPreviewIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintOperationPreviewT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintSettings.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/PrintUnixDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Printer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Progress.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ProgressBar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RadioAction.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RadioButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RadioMenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RadioToolButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Range.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RcStyle.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentAction.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentChooserDialog.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentChooserIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentChooserMenu.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentChooserT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentChooserWidget.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentFilter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentInfo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/RecentManager.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Ruler.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Scale.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ScaleButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Scrollbar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ScrolledWindow.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Selections.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Separator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/SeparatorMenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/SeparatorToolItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Settings.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Signals.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/SizeGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Socket.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/SpinButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Spinner.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/StandardEnumerations.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/StatusIcon.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Statusbar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/StockItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Style.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Table.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TargetList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TearoffMenuItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Testing.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextAttributes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextBuffer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextChildAnchor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextMark.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextTag.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextTagTable.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TextView.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Timeout.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToggleAction.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToggleButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToggleToolButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolItemGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolPalette.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolShellIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/ToolShellT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Toolbar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Tooltip.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Tooltips.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeDragDestIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeDragDestT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeDragSourceIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeDragSourceT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeIterError.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeModel.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeModelFilter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeModelIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeModelSort.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeModelT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeNode.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreePath.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeRowReference.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeSelection.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeSortableIF.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeSortableT.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeStore.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeView.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/TreeViewColumn.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Types.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/UIManager.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VButtonBox.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VPaned.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VRuler.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VScale.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VScrollbar.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VSeparator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Version.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Viewport.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/VolumeButton.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Widget.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/Window.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtk/WindowGroup.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/Loader.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/all.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/atk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/atktypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/cairo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/cairotypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gdk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gdkpixbuf.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gdkpixbuftypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gdktypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gio.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/giotypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/glade.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gladetypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/glib.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/glibtypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gobject.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gobjecttypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gthread.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gthreadtypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gtk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/gtktypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/pango.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/pangotypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkc/paths.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/gl.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/glgdk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/glgdktypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/glgtk.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/glgtktypes.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/gtkglc/glu.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgAttribute.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgAttributeIterator.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgAttributeList.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgCairo.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgCairoFontMap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgColor.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgContext.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgCoverage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgEngine.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgEngineLang.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgEngineShape.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFont.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontDescription.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontFace.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontFamily.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontMap.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontMetrics.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontset.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgFontsetSimple.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgGlyphItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgGlyphItemIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgGlyphString.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgItem.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgLanguage.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgLayout.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgLayoutIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgLayoutLine.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgMatrix.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgMiscellaneous.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgRenderer.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgScript.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgScriptIter.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgTabArray.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgVersion.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/gtkd/pango/PgVertical.di	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/crc32.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/index.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/phoboslicense.txt	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std.ddoc	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/unittest.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/curl.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/sqlite3.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/ChangeLog	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/README	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/adler32.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/algorithm.txt	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/compress.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/crc32.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/crc32.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/deflate.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/deflate.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/example.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzclose.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzguts.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzio.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzlib.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzread.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/gzwrite.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/infback.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inffast.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inffast.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inffixed.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inflate.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inflate.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inftrees.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/inftrees.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/minigzip.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/trees.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/trees.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/uncompr.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zconf.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zconf.in.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zlib.3	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zlib.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zutil.c	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/etc/c/zlib/zutil.h	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/__fileinit.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/algorithm.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/array.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/ascii.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/atomics.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/base64.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/bigint.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/bind.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/bitarray.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/bitmanip.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/boxer.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/compiler.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/complex.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/concurrency.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/container.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/contracts.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/conv.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/cpuid.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/cstream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/csv.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/ctype.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/date.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/datebase.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/dateparse.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/datetime.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/demangle.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/encoding.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/exception.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/file.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/format.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/functional.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/getopt.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/gregorian.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/iterator.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/json.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/loader.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/math.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/mathspecial.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/md5.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/metastrings.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/mmfile.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/numeric.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/outbuffer.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/parallelism.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/path.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/perf.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/process.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/random.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/range.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/regex.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/regexp.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/signals.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/socket.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/socketstream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/stdarg.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/stdint.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/stdio.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/stdiobase.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/stream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/string.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/syserror.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/system.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/traits.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/typecons.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/typetuple.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/uni.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/uri.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/utf.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/variant.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/xml.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/zip.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/zlib.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/fenv.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/locale.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/math.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/process.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/stdarg.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/stddef.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/stdio.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/stdlib.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/string.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/time.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/wcharh.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/freebsd/socket.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/linux/linux.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/linux/pthread.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/linux/socket.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/linux/termios.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/linux/tipc.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/osx/socket.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/windows/com.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/windows/stat.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/windows/windows.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/c/windows/winsock.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/processinit.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/uni.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/uni_tab.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/math/biguintcore.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/math/biguintnoasm.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/math/biguintx86.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/math/errorfunction.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/math/gammafunction.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/internal/windows/advapi32.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/net/curl.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/net/isemail.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/windows/charset.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/windows/iunknown.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/windows/registry.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/phobos/std/windows/syserror.d	    devel/dmd
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/all.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/figure.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/gtkwrapper.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/guiagnosticbase.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/hierarchical.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/plot.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/subplot.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/include/d/dmd/plot2kill/util.d	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/lib/libgstreamerd.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/libgtkd.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/libgtkdgda.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/libgtkdgl.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/libgtkdsv.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/libphobos2.a	    devel/dmd
usr/lib/libplot2kill.a	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/lib/pkgconfig/gtkd.pc	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib/pkgconfig/p2k.pc	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/lib32/libgstreamerd.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib32/libgtkd.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib32/libgtkdgda.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib32/libgtkdgl.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib32/libgtkdsv.a	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/lib32/libphobos2.a	    devel/dmd
usr/lib32/libplot2kill.a	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/share/applications/gtkd.desktop	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/dmd/html/dmlogo.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/32-64-portability.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/COM.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/D1toD2.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/abi.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/acknowledgements.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/arrays.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/ascii-table.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/attribute.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/blank.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/builtin.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/c1.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/changelog.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/class.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/code_coverage.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/comparison.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/const-faq.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/const.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/const3.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cpp1.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cpp_interface.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cppcomplex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cppdbc.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cppstrings.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cpptod.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/ctod.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/cute.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d-floating-point.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d.png	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d001.jpg	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d002.ico	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d002.jpg	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d3.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d4.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/d5.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dbc.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/ddoc.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/declaration.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/deprecate.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dlang-button.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dll.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dmd-freebsd.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dmd-linux.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dmd-osx.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dmd-windows.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dmlogo.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/download.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/download.png	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/dstyle.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/entity.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/enum.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/errors.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/exception-safe.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/expression.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/faq.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/features2.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/float.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/function.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/future.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/garbage.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/glossary.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/gradient.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/hash-map.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/hijack.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/holy.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/holy.jpg	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/home.png	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/horns.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/html.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/htod.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/htomodule.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/iasm.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/index.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/interface.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/interfaceToC.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/intro.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/lazy-evaluation.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/lex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/lisp-java-d.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/memory-safe-d.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/memory.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/migrate-to-shared.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/mixin.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/module.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/notimpl.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/operatoroverloading.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/organization.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/overview.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/portability.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/pragma.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/pretod.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/print.css	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/property.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/rationale.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/rdmd.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/regular-expression.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/safed.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/search.png	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/simd.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/spec.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/statement.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/struct.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/style.css	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/template-comparison.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/template-mixin.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/template.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/templates-revisited.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/traits.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/tuple.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/type.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/unittest.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/variadic-function-templates.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/version.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/warnings.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/wc.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/wiki.png	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/windbg.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/windows.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/ChangeLog	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/README	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/__fileinit.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/adler32.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/advapi32.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/algorithm.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/algorithm.txt	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/array.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/ascii.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/base64.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/bigint.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/biguintcore.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/biguintnoasm.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/biguintx86.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/bind.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/bitmanip.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/charset.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/com.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/compiler.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/complex.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/compress.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/concurrency.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/container.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/contracts.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/conv.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_atomic.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_bitop.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_cpuid.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_exception.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_memory.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_runtime.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_simd.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_barrier.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_condition.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_config.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_exception.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_mutex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_rwmutex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_sync_semaphore.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_thread.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_time.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/core_vararg.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/cpuid.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/crc32.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/crc32.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/crc32.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/cstream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/ctype.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/curl.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/date.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/datebase.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/dateparse.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/datetime.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/deflate.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/deflate.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/demangle.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/encoding.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/erf.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/erfc.gif	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/errorfunction.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/etc_c_curl.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/etc_c_sqlite3.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/etc_c_zlib.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/example.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/exception.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/fenv.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/file.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/format.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/functional.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gammafunction.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gcstub.obj	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/getopt.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gregorian.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gzclose.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gzguts.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gzlib.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gzread.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/gzwrite.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/index.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/infback.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inffast.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inffast.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inffixed.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inflate.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inflate.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inftrees.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/inftrees.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/isemail.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/iunknown.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/json.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/linux.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/loader.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/locale.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/math.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/mathspecial.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/md5.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/metastrings.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/minigzip.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/mmfile.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/numeric.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/object.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/outbuffer.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/parallelism.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/path.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/perf.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/phobos.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/phobos.lib	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/posix.mak	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/process.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/processinit.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/pthread.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/random.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/range.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/regex.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/regexp.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/registry.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/signals.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/socket.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/socketstream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/sqlite3.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stat.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std.ddoc	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_algorithm.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_array.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_ascii.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_base64.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_bigint.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_bind.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_bitmanip.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_fenv.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_locale.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_math.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_process.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_stdarg.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_stddef.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_stdio.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_stdlib.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_string.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_time.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_c_wcharh.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_compiler.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_complex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_concurrency.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_container.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_contracts.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_conv.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_cpuid.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_cstream.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_csv.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_ctype.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_date.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_datetime.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_demangle.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_encoding.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_exception.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_file.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_format.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_functional.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_gc.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_getopt.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_gregorian.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_json.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_math.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_mathspecial.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_md5.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_metastrings.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_mmfile.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_net_isemail.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_numeric.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_outbuffer.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_parallelism.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_path.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_perf.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_process.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_random.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_range.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_regex.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_regexp.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_signals.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_socket.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_socketstream.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_stdint.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_stdio.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_stream.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_string.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_system.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_thread.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_traits.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_typecons.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_typetuple.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_uni.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_uri.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_utf.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_variant.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_windows_charset.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_windows_registry.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_xml.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_zip.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/std_zlib.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stdarg.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stddef.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stdint.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stdio.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stdiobase.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stdlib.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/stream.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/string.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/style.css	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/syserror.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/system.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/termios.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/time.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/tipc.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/traits.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/trees.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/trees.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/typecons.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/typetuple.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/uncompr.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/uni.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/unittest.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/uri.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/utf.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/variant.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/wcharh.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/win32.mak	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/windows.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/winsock.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/xml.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zconf.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zip.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zlib.3	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zlib.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zlib.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zutil.c	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/html/d/phobos/zutil.h	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/all.sh	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/build.bat	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/chello.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/clean.bat	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/d2html.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/d2html.kwd	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/dclient.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/dhry.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/dserver.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/dserver.def	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/hello.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/htmlget.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/listener.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/pi.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/sieve.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/wc.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/wc2.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/winsamp.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/winsamp.def	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/build.bat	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/dll.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/mydll.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/mydll.def	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/mydll.di	    devel/dmd
usr/share/dmd/samples/d/mydll/test.d	    devel/dmd
usr/share/doc/dmd/changelog.html	    devel/dmd
usr/share/doc/dmd/copyright	    devel/dmd
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-dev/AUTHORS	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-dev/README	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-dev/changelog.Debian.gz	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-dev/changelog.gz	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-dev/copyright	    libs/libgtkd-dev
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-doc/AUTHORS	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-doc/README	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-doc/changelog.Debian.gz	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-doc/changelog.gz	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/doc/libgtkd-doc/copyright	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/doc/libplot2kill-dev/changelog.Debian.gz	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/share/doc/libplot2kill-dev/copyright	    libs/libplot2kill-dev
usr/share/icons/hicolor/96x96/apps/libgtkd.png	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/builder/builderTest.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/builder/builderTest.glade	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/cairo/cairo_clock/clock.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/cairo/cairo_clock/main.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/cairo/text_image/gtkD_logo.png	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/cairo/text_image/text_image.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gda/TestGda.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gl/ShapesGL.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gl/SimpleGL.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gl/TrackBall.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gstreamer/helloworld/gstreamer_helloworld.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gstreamer/mediaplayer/gst_mediaplayer.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtk/DrawRect.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtk/HelloWorld.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtk/OtherTests.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtk/PopupMenu.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtk/SpawnTests.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/DemoCustomList/CustomList.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/DemoCustomList/DemoCustomList.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/DemoMultiCellRenderer/DemoMultiCellRenderer.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TEditableCells.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TTextView.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestAspectFrame.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestDrawingArea.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestEntries.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestIdle.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestImage.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestScales.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestStock.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestText.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestThemes.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestTreeView.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestTreeView1.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/TestWindow.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/gtkD/TestWindow/app.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/pango/pangocairo.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/demos/sourceView/SVTest.d	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Action.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Component.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Document.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_EditableText.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_GObjectAccessible.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Hyperlink.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Hypertext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Image.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_NoOpObject.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_NoOpObjectFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_ObjectAtk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_ObjectFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Registry.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Relation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_RelationSet.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Selection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_State.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_StateSet.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_StreamableContent.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Table.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Text.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_Util.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_atk_ValueAtk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Context.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Device.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_FontFace.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_FontOption.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_ImageSurface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Matrix.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Pattern.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_PdfSurface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_PostScriptSurface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_RecordingSurface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Region.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_ScaledFont.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Status.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Surface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_SvgSurface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Types.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_UserFontFace.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_cairo_Version.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_AppLaunchContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Bitmap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Color.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Colormap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Cursor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Device.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Display.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_DisplayManager.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_DragContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Drawable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Event.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_EventStruct.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Font.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_GC.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Gdk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_GdkCairo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_ImageGdk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Input.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Keymap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Keysyms.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Pixbuf.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Pixmap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_RGB.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Rectangle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Region.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_RgbCmap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Screen.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Selection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Testing.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Threads.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Visual.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_Window.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdk_X11.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_PixbufAnimation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_PixbufAnimationIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_PixbufFormat.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_PixbufLoader.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_PixbufSimpleAnimation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gdkpixbuf_Pixdata.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AppInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AppInfoIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AppInfoT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AppLaunchContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AsyncInitableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AsyncInitableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AsyncResultIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_AsyncResultT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_BufferedInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_BufferedOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Cancellable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_CharsetConverter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ContentType.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Converter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ConverterIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ConverterInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ConverterOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ConverterT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Credentials.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusAuthObserver.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusConnection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusError.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusMessage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusMethodInvocation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusNames.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusProxy.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusServer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DBusUtilities.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DataInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DataOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DesktopAppInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Drive.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DriveIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_DriveT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Emblem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_EmblemedIcon.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ErrorGIO.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_File.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileAttributeInfoList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileAttributeMatcher.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileDescriptorBasedIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileDescriptorBasedT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileEnumerator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileIOStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileIcon.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileMonitor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FileOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FilenameCompleter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FilterInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_FilterOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IOExtension.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IOExtensionPoint.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IOModule.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IOSchedulerJob.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IOStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Icon.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IconIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_IconT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_InetAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_InetSocketAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_InitableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_InitableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_InputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_LoadableIconIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_LoadableIconT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_MemoryInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_MemoryOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Mount.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_MountIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_MountOperation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_MountT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_NetworkAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_NetworkService.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_OutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Permission.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Proxy.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyResolver.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyResolverIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyResolverT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ProxyT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Resolver.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SeekableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SeekableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Settings.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SettingsBackend.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SimpleAsyncResult.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SimplePermission.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Socket.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketAddressEnumerator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketClient.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketConnectable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketConnectableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketConnectableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketConnection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketControlMessage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketListener.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SocketService.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_SrvTarget.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_TcpConnection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ThemedIcon.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ThreadedSocketService.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixConnection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixCredentialsMessage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixFDList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixFDMessage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixInputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixMountEntry.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixMountMonitor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixMountPoint.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixOutputStream.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_UnixSocketAddress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Vfs.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_Volume.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_VolumeIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_VolumeMonitor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_VolumeT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ZlibCompressor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gio_ZlibDecompressor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glade_Glade.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Allocator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ArrayG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_AsyncQueue.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Atomic.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_BBTree.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Base64.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_BookmarkFile.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ByteArray.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Cache.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_CharacterSet.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Checksum.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Child.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ConstructionException.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_DataList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Dataset.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Date.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_DateTime.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Directory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ErrorG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_FileUtils.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_GException.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_GLib.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_HashTable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_HashTableIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Hostname.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_IOChannel.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Idle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Internationalization.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_KeyFile.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ListG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ListSG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MainContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MainLoop.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MappedFile.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MatchInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Memory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MemoryChunk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MemorySlice.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_MessageLog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Messages.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Module.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Node.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_OptionContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_OptionGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Pattern.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_PtrArray.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Quark.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_QueueG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_RandG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Regex.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Relation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ScannerG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Sequence.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_SequenceIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ShellUtils.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_SimpleXML.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Source.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Spawn.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Str.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_StringCompletion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_StringG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_StringGChunk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_ThreadPool.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_TimeVal.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_TimeZone.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Timeout.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Timer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_TrashStack.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Tuples.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_URI.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Unicode.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Util.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_Variant.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_VariantBuilder.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_VariantIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_VariantType.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_glib_WindowsUtils.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Binding.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Boxed.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_CClosure.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Closure.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Enums.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Flags.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_ObjectG.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_ParamSpec.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_ParamSpecPool.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Signals.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Type.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_TypeModule.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_TypePlugin.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_Value.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gobject_ValueArray.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_Cond.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_Mutex.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_Private.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_RWLock.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_StaticMutex.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_StaticPrivate.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_StaticRecMutex.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gthread_Thread.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_AboutDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_AccelGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_AccelLabel.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_AccelMap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Accessible.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Action.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ActionGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ActivatableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ActivatableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Adjustment.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Alignment.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Arrow.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_AspectFrame.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Assistant.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Bin.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_BindingSet.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Border.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Box.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_BuildableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_BuildableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Builder.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Button.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ButtonBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Calendar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellEditable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellEditableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellEditableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellLayoutIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellLayoutT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRenderer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererAccel.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererCombo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererPixbuf.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererProgress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererSpin.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererSpinner.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererText.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellRendererToggle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CellView.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CheckButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_CheckMenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Clipboard.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ColorButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ColorSelection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ColorSelectionDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ComboBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ComboBoxEntry.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Container.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Curve.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Dialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_DragAndDrop.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_DrawingArea.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_EditableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_EditableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Entry.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_EntryBuffer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_EntryCompletion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_EventBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Expander.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileChooserButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileChooserDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileChooserIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileChooserT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileChooserWidget.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileFilter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FileSelection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Fixed.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FontButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FontSelection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_FontSelectionDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Frame.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_GCs.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_GammaCurve.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HButtonBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HPaned.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HRuler.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HScale.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HScrollbar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HSeparator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_HandleBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IMContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IMContextSimple.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IMMulticontext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconSet.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconSize.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconSource.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconTheme.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_IconView.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Idle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Image.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ImageMenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_InfoBar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_InputDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Invisible.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Item.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ItemFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Label.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Layout.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_LinkButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ListStore.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Main.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MainWindow.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Menu.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MenuBar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MenuShell.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MenuToolButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MessageDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Misc.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_MountOperation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Notebook.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ObjectGtk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_OffscreenWindow.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_OrientableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_OrientableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PageSetup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PageSetupUnixDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Paned.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PaperSize.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Plug.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PopupBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintJob.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintOperation.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintOperationPreviewIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintOperationPreviewT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintSettings.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_PrintUnixDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Printer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Progress.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ProgressBar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RadioAction.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RadioButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RadioMenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RadioToolButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Range.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RcStyle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentAction.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentChooserDialog.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentChooserIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentChooserMenu.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentChooserT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentChooserWidget.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentFilter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_RecentManager.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Ruler.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Scale.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ScaleButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Scrollbar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ScrolledWindow.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Selections.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Separator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_SeparatorMenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_SeparatorToolItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Settings.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Signals.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_SizeGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Socket.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_SpinButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Spinner.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_StandardEnumerations.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_StatusIcon.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Statusbar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_StockItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Style.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Table.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TargetList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TearoffMenuItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Testing.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextAttributes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextBuffer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextChildAnchor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextMark.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextTag.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextTagTable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TextView.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Timeout.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToggleAction.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToggleButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToggleToolButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolItemGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolPalette.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolShellIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_ToolShellT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Toolbar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Tooltip.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Tooltips.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeDragDestIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeDragDestT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeDragSourceIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeDragSourceT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeIterError.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeModel.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeModelFilter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeModelIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeModelSort.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeModelT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeNode.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreePath.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeRowReference.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeSelection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeSortableIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeSortableT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeStore.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeView.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_TreeViewColumn.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Types.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_UIManager.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VButtonBox.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VPaned.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VRuler.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VScale.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VScrollbar.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VSeparator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Version.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Viewport.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_VolumeButton.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Widget.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_Window.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtk_WindowGroup.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_Loader.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_all.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_atk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_atktypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_cairo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_cairotypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gdk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gdkpixbuf.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gdkpixbuftypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gdktypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gio.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_giotypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_glade.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gladetypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_glib.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_glibtypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gobject.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gobjecttypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gthread.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gthreadtypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gtk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_gtktypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_pango.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_pangotypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_gtkc_paths.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgAttribute.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgAttributeIterator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgAttributeList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgCairo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgCairoFontMap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgColor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgCoverage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgEngine.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgEngineLang.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgEngineShape.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFont.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontDescription.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontFace.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontFamily.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontMap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontMetrics.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontset.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgFontsetSimple.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgGlyphItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgGlyphItemIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgGlyphString.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgLanguage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgLayout.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgLayoutIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgLayoutLine.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgMatrix.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgMiscellaneous.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgRenderer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgScript.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgScriptIter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgTabArray.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgVersion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/src_pango_PgVertical.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Blob.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Client.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Command.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Config.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Connection.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_DataModel.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_DataModelArray.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_DataModelHash.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_DataModelList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_DataSourceInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_ErrorGda.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Export.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_FieldAttributes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Gda.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Log.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Parameter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_ParameterList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_ProviderInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_QuarkList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Row.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Select.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Table.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Transaction.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gda_Value.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gdac_gda.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgda_gdac_gdatypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLConfig.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLDraw.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLDrawable.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLFont.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLPixmap.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLQuery.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLTokens.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLWindow.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLdInit.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgdk_GLdVersion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgtk_GLCapability.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgtk_GLWidget.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgtk_GLtInit.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_glgtk_GLtVersion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_gl.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_glgdk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_glgdktypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_glgtk.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_glgtktypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgl_gtkglc_glu.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstinterfaces_XOverlay.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Bin.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Buffer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Bus.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Caps.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Clock.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Element.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_ElementFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Event.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Format.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_GError.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_GhostPad.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_ImplementsInterface.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Index.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_IndexFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Iterator.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Message.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_MiniObject.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_ObjectGst.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Pad.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_PadTemplate.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Parse.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Pipeline.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Plugin.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_PluginFeature.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Query.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Registry.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Segment.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Structure.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_SystemClock.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_TagList.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_TagSetter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_Task.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_TypeFind.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_TypeFindFactory.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamer_gstreamer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamerc_gstinterfaces.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamerc_gstinterfacestypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamerc_gstreamer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcgstreamer_gstreamerc_gstreamertypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceBuffer.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletion.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionContext.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionInfo.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionItem.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionProposalIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionProposalT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionProviderIF.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceCompletionProviderT.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceGutter.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceLanguage.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceLanguageManager.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceMark.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourcePrintCompositor.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceSearch.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceStyle.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceStyleScheme.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceStyleSchemeManager.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsv_SourceView.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsvc_gsv.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/srcsv_gsvc_gsvtypes.html	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/candy.ddoc	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/explorer.js	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/ie56hack.css	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/modules.ddoc	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/style.css	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/tree.js	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/util.js	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/bg.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/candydoc.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/alias.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/bg.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/class.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/enum.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/func.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/module.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/package.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/struct.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/template.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/outline/var.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/package/bg.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/shim.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/tb.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/tbr.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/tbrm.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/tbrp.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/tr.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/trm.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/doc/candydoc/img/tree/trp.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/duitIcon.xpm	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/duitLogo.xpm	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/floppybuddy.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/gtk-logo-rgb.gif	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/gtkD1.xpm	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/gtkD_logo_shadow_small.png	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/gtkD_logo_small.png	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/libgtkd-doc/images/gtkDlogo_a_small.png	    doc/libgtkd-doc
usr/share/man/man1/dmd.1.gz	    devel/dmd
usr/share/man/man1/dumpobj.1.gz	    devel/dmd
usr/share/man/man1/obj2asm.1.gz	    devel/dmd
usr/share/man/man1/rdmd.1.gz	    devel/dmd
usr/share/man/man5/dmd.conf.5.gz	    devel/dmd
